Translation corrections (#452)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_014.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>前野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Maeno</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_maeno1299", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「言っとくがな、それだけの取引現場を見られるのは連中にとって、一番の急所なんだ」",

> 			NULL, "\"You should know this, but having their transaction spot witnessed is their greatest weakpoint.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"You should know this, but having their transaction spot discovered is their greatest weakpoint.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " Or do you have a death wish?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_maeno1304", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　死に方まで父親の真似をするっていうのか？」",

> 			NULL, " Are you imitating your father even up to the way he died?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Are you imitating your father even until the moment it kills you?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe3028", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「再就職先だって簡単には見つからないし、警察官ほど恵まれた手当をもらえるところなんて、そんなにあるわけがないっ！！」",

> 			NULL, "\"It's hardly easy to find another job, and you'll hardly find a place with benefits as great as the police force!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"It's hardly easy to find another job, and you'll never find a place with benefits as great as the police force!!\"", Line_Normal);
```
